K8SPXC-1528 Updated the cluster-wide OLM doc (#226)
percona/k8spxc-docs: docs/openshift.md

    !!! note
    

>         To install the Operator in [multi-namespace (cluster-wide) mode](cluster-wide.md), find it in the Certified catalogue. Choose values with `-cw` suffix for the update channel and version, and select the "All namespaces on the cluster" radio button for the installation mode instead of chosing a specific Namespace:

Author: ```suggestion
        To install the Operator in [multi-namespace (cluster-wide) mode](cluster-wide.md), use the one with one the Certified label. Choose values with `-cw` suffix for the update channel and version, and select the "All namespaces on the cluster" radio button for the installation mode instead of chosing a specific Namespace:
```

>         To install the Operator in [multi-namespace (cluster-wide) mode](cluster-wide.md), use the one with one the Certified label. Choose values with `-cw` suffix for the update channel and version, and select the "All namespaces on the cluster" radio button for the installation mode instead of chosing a specific Namespace:

Reviewer: maybe change to something like: "from the Certified catalog"

Author: Updated
